model/builder/ClientBuilder.java
 model.builder.ClientBuilder
controller/LoginController.java
 controller.LoginController
 controller.LoginController$LoginButtonListener
 controller.LoginController$RegisterButtonListener
repository/client/ClientRepository.java
 repository.client.ClientRepository
view/LoginView.java
 view.LoginView
view/AdminView.java
 view.AdminView
repository/user/UserRepositoryMySQL.java
 repository.user.UserRepositoryMySQL
repository/Cache.java
 repository.Cache
util/ConfirmBox.java
 util.ConfirmBox
database/JDBConnectionWrapper.java
 database.JDBConnectionWrapper
model/validator/ResultFetchException.java
 model.validator.ResultFetchException
model/User.java
 model.User
service/user/UserServiceImplementation.java
 service.user.UserServiceImplementation
model/Account.java
 model.Account
repository/EntityNotFoundException.java
 repository.EntityNotFoundException
util/AlertBox.java
 util.AlertBox
model/Client.java
 model.Client
service/client/ClientServiceImplementation.java
 service.client.ClientServiceImplementation
DTO/UserDTO.java
 DTO.UserDTO
service/client/ClientService.java
 service.client.ClientService
launcher/Launcher.java
 launcher.Launcher
database/Constants.java
 database.Constants
 database.Constants$Schemas
 database.Constants$Tables
model/validator/Notification.java
 model.validator.Notification
service/user/AuthenticationService.java
 service.user.AuthenticationService
model/validator/UserValidator.java
 model.validator.UserValidator
database/DBConnectionFactory.java
 database.DBConnectionFactory
repository/client/ClientRepositoryImplementation.java
 repository.client.ClientRepositoryImplementation
service/user/UserService.java
 service.user.UserService
launcher/ComponentFactory.java
 launcher.ComponentFactory
model/builder/AccountBuilder.java
 model.builder.AccountBuilder
DTO/fxml/ClientFXML.java
 DTO.fxml.ClientFXML
DTO/fxml/UserFXML.java
 DTO.fxml.UserFXML
DTO/AccountDTO.java
 DTO.AccountDTO
model/builder/UserBuilder.java
 model.builder.UserBuilder
DTO/ClientDTO.java
 DTO.ClientDTO
service/user/AuthenticationServiceMySQL.java
 service.user.AuthenticationServiceMySQL
repository/user/UserRepository.java
 repository.user.UserRepository
controller/LoginControllerFX.java
 controller.LoginControllerFX
repository/account/AccountRepository.java
 repository.account.AccountRepository
model/builder/ActivityBuilder.java
 model.builder.ActivityBuilder
service/activity/ActivityServiceImplementation.java
 service.activity.ActivityServiceImplementation
service/account/AccountService.java
 service.account.AccountService
service/activity/ActivityService.java
 service.activity.ActivityService
repository/activity/ActivityRepository.java
 repository.activity.ActivityRepository
repository/activity/ActivityRepositoryImplementation.java
 repository.activity.ActivityRepositoryImplementation
controller/AdminController.java
 controller.AdminController
model/Activity.java
 model.Activity
service/account/AccountServiceImplementation.java
 service.account.AccountServiceImplementation
DTO/fxml/AccountFXML.java
 DTO.fxml.AccountFXML
repository/account/AccountRepositoryImplementation.java
 repository.account.AccountRepositoryImplementation
controller/UserController.java
 controller.UserController
